Add more info to steering council page (#78)
FEniCS/web: governance/steering-council.md

  institution="University of Luxembourg"
  github="michalhabera"
  website="https://www2.karlin.mff.cuni.cz/~habera/"
  img="/assets/img/people/m-habera.jpg"

>   about="Michal is a PhD student of Civil Engineering at University of Luxembourg."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  about="Michal is a postdoctoral researcher at University of Luxembourg."
```
I need to update my website.
